---
layout: post
title: Poster presentation on ICAP 2022 in Toronto!
date: 2022-07-17 15:59:00-0400
inline: false
---

I attended International Conference on Atomic Physics (ICAP 2022) in Toronto from July 17th to July 23rd and gave a [poster presentation](https://conference.physics.utoronto.ca/event/1/contributions/116/) in University of Toronto. The abstract is given below:

#### Abstract:

>Macroscopic mechanical devices in the quantum regime can play a key role in quantum communication, quantum sensing and fundamental tests of quantum mechanics. We use a fiber cavity filled with superfluid 4He of mass ~ 1 ng as our mechanical resonator. Leveraging single photon counting techniques, we manipulate and probe the motional state of a superfluid 4He resonator. The arrival times of Stokes and anti-Stokes photons are used to measure the resonator’s phonon coherences. We demonstrate the coherences of a thermal state near the motional ground state, a non-classical photon-phonon squeezed state, and a high amplitude coherent state in this superfluid 4He resonator. These measurements pave the avenue of realizing a non-classical state in a milligram resonator in future experiments.

The link to [the Poster](/news/news_pdf/ICAP_2022_Poster.pdf) (May take some time to download)

<div class="row mt-6">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="/news/news_img/toronto.jpeg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

Had lots of fun in the conference and enjoyed foods in Toronto.
Look forward to ICAP 2024 in London.
